README.md, before:

# StaticWickedQuiz

One or two paragraphs providing an overview of your project.

Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.

You can visit the deployed website [here](https://staticwickedquiz.herokuapp.com/get_leaderboard).


## 1. UX

Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:

As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.
This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

### 1.1. Project Goals

### 1.2. User Stories

### 1.3. Design Choices

- **Fonts**: 
- **Cards**: 
- **Audio files**:
- **Colours**: 

### 1.4. Wireframes
The wireframes were designed using [](). They're accessible in the following links:

|    Desktop   |    Tablet    |    Mobile    |
|    :----:    |     :----:   |    :----:    |

---

## 2. Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### 2.1. Existing Features
Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
...
For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### 2.2. Features Left to Implement
Another feature idea

---

## 3. Technologies used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.

- [HTML5](https://html.com/) 
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) 
- [CSS3](http://www.css3.info/) 
- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) 
- [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/) 
- [GitHub](https://github.com/) 
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) 
-

---

## 4. Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.


The testing process can be seen [here](TESTING.md).

---

## 5. Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

---

## 6. Credits
### 6.1. Content
The text for section Y was copied from the Wikipedia article Z

### 6.2. Media

The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### 6.1. Acknowledgments

I received inspiration for this project from X


### Info Page
Inspiration for flipping cards: [codeply.com](https://www.codeply.com/go/roydoXgaLr/bootstrap-4-flip-cards)<br>
All images are from google resources with Creative Commons licenses.

Commit message:

Updated README with Description and Design Choices

README.md, after:

# StaticWickedQuiz

Description
The StaticWicked Quiz from StaticWickedCats is a Quiz-based game. 
This is made in celebration of St.Patrick's Day on 17th March. Moreover to bring a sense of community and «togetherness» during a difficult time (Covid). 
Furthermore to make it so we all can test our knowledge of this day, including the traditions and culture of Ireland in a fun way, as well of the use of video chatting platforms, and gamification to enhance the experience. 

You can visit the deployed website [here](https://staticwickedquiz.herokuapp.com/get_leaderboard).


## 1. UX

Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:

As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.
This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

### 1.1. Project Goals

### 1.2. User Stories

### 1.3. Design Choices

- **Colours**: 
* The colors used were shades of green, while having some specific details in a color of blue, purple, orange and pink, to link with the St. Patrick's Day theme, our main logo and give it a feel of a game. 
* Details: 

	-Main Colors being used: #2AA167, #2FB675, #96F09E

	-Gradient on Nav and Footer: #048243, #32BF84, #CAFFFB

	-Added Shadow and Colors on Text: #EE3EC9, #9D3BE1

	-Answer Boxes Colors: #FF914D, #EE3EC9, #9D3BE1, #38B6FF

- **Fonts**: 
    -The font ‘Magz’ and ‘Orbitron’  was used, as it was or close to the logo design font as well as giving it a «game» feel. 
    Which links with the theme of a quiz game. The fonts was imported from Google Fonts and from Cufon Fonts.

- **Cards**: 
- **Audio files**:


### 1.4. Wireframes
The wireframes were designed using [](). They're accessible in the following links:

|    Desktop   |    Tablet    |    Mobile    |
|    :----:    |     :----:   |    :----:    |

---

## 2. Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### 2.1. Existing Features
Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
...
For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### 2.2. Features Left to Implement
Another feature idea

---

## 3. Technologies used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.

- [HTML5](https://html.com/) 
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) 
- [CSS3](http://www.css3.info/) 
- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) 
- [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/) 
- [GitHub](https://github.com/) 
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) 
- [Cufon Fonts](http://www.cufonfonts.com) 

---

## 4. Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.


The testing process can be seen [here](TESTING.md).

---

## 5. Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

---

## 6. Credits
### 6.1. Content
The text for section Y was copied from the Wikipedia article Z

### 6.2. Media

The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### 6.1. Acknowledgments

I received inspiration for this project from X


### Info Page
Inspiration for flipping cards: [codeply.com](https://www.codeply.com/go/roydoXgaLr/bootstrap-4-flip-cards)<br>
All images are from google resources with Creative Commons licenses.
